(Meredith) PICTURE THIS--
YOU'VE SPENT THE PAST
FIVE YEARS OF YOUR RESIDENCY
TRAINING TO BECOME A SURGEON,
BUT THOSE FIVE YEARS
SUDDENLY DON'T MATTER.
(siren whoops)
THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS...
(siren wailing)
THE ONLY THING BETWEEN YOU
AND THE REST OF YOUR CAREER
IS A TEST
IN A RANDOM HOTEL
IN A RANDOM CITY
WITH A RANDOM EXAMINER
ASKING YOU RANDOM QUESTIONS.
NERVOUS? YOU SHOULD BE.
WE SHOULD BE GONE BY NOW.
THE FLIGHT'S NOT
FOR THREE HOURS. YOU'RE FINE.
I-I'D BE FINE IF PEOPLE
SHOWED UP ON TIME.
NO ONE IS GOING TO BE LATE.
SAN FRANCISCO
IS A SHORT FLIGHT AWAY.
THERE'S NO REASON
TO BE NERVOUS, OKAY?
(crying)
OH. NOT AGAIN.
(sobs) I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST THAT MY PARENTS
CALLED ME THIS MORNING
TO WISH ME LUCK,
AND THEY TOLD ME THAT
THEIR CHURCH IS PRAYING FOR ME,
AND WHAT--WHAT--WHAT IF
I DON'T PASS?
ONE IN FIVE PEOPLE
DON'T PASS.
KEPNER, STOP.
YOU'RE A TRAUMA SURGEON.
WE'RE SOLDIERS.
WE FIGHT BATTLES HARDER THAN
THIS TEST EVERY SINGLE DAY,
AND WE WIN, OKAY?
SO DRY YOUR TEARS.
(continues crying)
I WANT YOU
TO REPEAT AFTER ME.
I AM A SOLDIER.
I'M A S-SOLDIER.
NO, NO. I WANT
TO HEAR YOU MEAN IT.
REPEAT. I AM A SOLDIER.
I AM A SOLDIER.
NOW GET ON THE BUS.
OKAY.
(sighs)
KAREV?
NOW HAVE SALMON
FOR DINNER.
AND TELL ROOM SERVICE
TO MAKE SURE IT'S NOT FROZEN.
YOU LOSE OMEGA-3s
IF IT'S FROZEN.
AVERY, ARE YOU LISTENING
TO ME?
I'M TRYING NOT TO.
ALL RIGHT,
HOW ARE YOU ON CASH?
I FIGURED YOU NEEDED SOME.
UH...
(Teddy) OKAY,
DON'T OVERTHINK IT.
THEY WANT STANDARD PROTOCOL,
NOT CUTTING EDGE.
I MEAN, THIS IS A TEST
IN PROFICIENCY,
AND WELL, Y-YOU'RE PROFICIENT
IN YOUR SLEEP.
SO JUST MAKE SURE THAT
YOU GET A LOT OF SLEEP.
YOU WANT ME
TO BE RELAXED, RIGHT?
EXACTLY.
THIS ISN'T HELPING.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BYE!
GO!
(man) BYE.
♪♪♪
KICK ASS.
AHH. HEE!
IT'S EXCITING, HUH?
THEY STARTED OFF
WITH SO LITTLE PROMISE,
I FEEL LIKE I'M WITNESSING
A MIRACLE.
WHERE THE HELL IS KAREV?
OH, HE'LL BE HERE.
I TRAINED HIM RIGHT.
OH. OKAY.
(giggles)
COMING! DON'T LEAVE WITHOUT ME.
MIRACLE.
♪♪♪
WHERE IS MEREDITH GREY?
(Derek) THEY CALLED
TEN MINUTES AGO.
SHE STARTED THROWING UP
RIGHT AFTER I DROPPED HER OFF.
SHE'S REALLY WARM.
MAYBE I SHOULD STAY.
NO, BABIES GET SICK.
IT SUCKS,
BUT IT'S THE DISGUSTING
CIRCLE OF LIFE.
WE HAVE TRAINED TOO HARD.
I HAVE PERSONALLY
PUT IN HOURS OF MY LIFE
THAT I WILL NEVER GET BACK,
SO YOU ARE NOT FAILING
JUST BECAUSE YOUR MOMMY HORMONES
ARE ALL "CODE ORANGE."
GO TO THE AIRPORT.
PASS YOUR BOARDS.
MY BABY IS SICK.
WELL, LUCKY FOR HER,
HER FATHER'S A DOCTOR.
TAKES A VILLAGE.
AND ZOLA'S VILLAGE
IS CHOCK-FULL OF DOCTORS.
OKAY? SHE WILL BE FINE.
JUST GO. MAKE ME PROUD.
ALL RIGHT. (kisses)
MAMA LOVES YOU, ZO.
YOU'RE MY ZOZO.
I LOVE YOU. (kisses)
I'LL BE HOME SOON.
YEAH, SHH.
HEY, TORRES,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DO YOU MIND LOOKING AFTER HER
FOR A MINUTE?
I GOTTA MAKE SOME CALLS.
YEAH, NO. NO.
SOFIA HAD THAT BUG
LAST WEEK, SO...
I'M NOT GETTING
ANYWHERE NEAR THAT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO,
"WE'RE A VILLAGE"?
IT'S A METAPHOR, SHEPHERD.
GOOD LUCK.
(people speaking indistinctly)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH TOMMY'S PLATELET COUNT?
DID YOU KNOW IT DROPPED?
HE'S NOT YOUR PATIENT
ANYMORE, REMEMBER?
HIS CRIT'S BEEN DECREASING,
AND HIS SATs ARE LOW.
WE MIGHT WANT TO--
WE'VE BEEN GETTING ALONG
JUST FINE WITHOUT YOU
THESE PAST FEW WEEKS.
I DON'T NEED YOU
BUTTING IN NOW.
(sighs) KAREV, OUTSIDE.
NOW.
(beeping continues)
(Alex)
TOMMY'S DETERIORATING.
WHAT DID HIS X-RAYS SHOW?
JUST--SHH.
OKAY...
LOOK YOUR EXAMINER IN THE EYE,
BUT DON'T STARE.
AND DON'T--
AND DON'T RUSH YOUR ANSWERS.
YOU KNOW, IT'S OKAY
TO TAKE A SECOND
TO JUST COMPOSE YOURSELF.
BUT DON'T--
DON'T TAKE TOO LONG.
YEAH, I GOT THIS.
OKAY, I HOPE YOU DO.
WHAT?
I MEAN, I KNOW YOU DO.
(elevator bell dings)
(door hisses)
23 MINUTES LATE?
NOT OKAY!
IS IT TOO LATE TO REQUEST
A VAN WITHOUT YOU ON IT?
(indistinct conversations)
(van door closes)
(engine turns over)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(doctors speaking indistinctly)
(horn honks)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(speaks indistinctly)
I NEED YOU, LEX.
HI. UH, UH,
WHAT?
I NEED YOU.
I'M DOING A SKIN GRAFT,
AND I'M STUCK WITH AN INTERN
WHO THINKS THAT
DEBRIDING THE NECROTIC TISSUE
IS THE TITLE
OF A NINE INCH NAILS ALBUM.
ARE YOU SURE IT'S NOT?
(chuckles)
IT MIGHT BE.
I'M NOT FAMILIAR
WITH THEIR LATER WORK.
YOU'RE JUST SAD BECAUSE JACKSON
IS OFF TO TAKE HIS BOARDS.
HE AND I
WORK WELL TOGETHER.
WE UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER.
LIKE YOU AND I USED TO,
YOU KNOW?
SO I NEED YOU.
I CAN'T.
UH, I-I-I AM WAY BEHIND
ON ALL OF THIS, UM,
RESEARCH FOR SHEPHERD.
YOU KNOW, I WAS GONNA PULL
AN ALL-NIGHTER TO FINISH, SO...
ALL RIGHT.
THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUN,
WORKING TOGETHER AGAIN.
BUT IF YOU'RE BUSY...
MARK, WAIT.
YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT THE LATEST
NINE INCH NAILS ALBUM.
IT IS PRETTY...
FRESH.
(elevator bell dings)
OKAY.
(people speaking indistinctly)
(whispers) I SAID FRESH.
(monitor beeping erratically)
16-YEAR-OLD MALE DRIVER,
CAR VERSUS STREETLIGHT.
ARRESTED ONCE BEFORE THEY
FREED HIM IN THE CAR
AND ONCE IN THE RIG.
B.P. 80 SYSTOLIC,
TACHYCARDIC.
CONTUSIONS AND LACERATIONS
OVER CHEST AND ABDOMEN.
WHERE'S ALTMAN?
(Miranda) ABDOMEN IS RIGID
SO THERE'S PROBABLY A LOT
OF BLOOD IN THE BELLY.
(Nicole) IT TOOK OVER
AN HOUR TO GET HIM OUT.
(beeping continues)
UH, KID ARRESTED TWICE
IN THE FIELD.
ADD AN E.K.G.
TO THE TRAUMA LABS
AND GET X-RAY IN HERE, STAT.
(woman) RIGHT AWAY.
OH, GOD. RICKY.
OH, EXCUSE ME.
WHAT WAS HE EVEN DOING
IN HIS CAR?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE
AT BASKETBALL PRACTICE.
OKAY, IS HE ALLERGIC
TO ANYTHING?
NO.
DOES HE HAVE HEART PROBLEMS?
NO. PROBABLY DRIVING
TOO FAST.
WE SORE THAT IF HE GOT
EVEN ONE TICKET,
WE WOULD TAKE THAT CAR
AWAY FROM HIM.
(monitor alarm beeping)
HANG A UNIT OF O NEG
AND MAKE SURE THE C.T. IS READY.
RICK! WHAT IS HAPPENING?
WHY ARE THEY DOING--
LET'S STEP OUT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
(beeping continues)
♪♪♪
(cable car bell dings)
(indistinct conversations)
OH, SORRY.
OW!
THAT'S--
OH, CASE WESTERN RESERVE.
UH, DO YOU KNOW TED STEVENSON,
HEAD OF TRAUMA?
I DO, YEAH.
HE JUST OFFERED ME A JOB.
I MIGHT BE AN ATTENDING THERE.
APRIL KEPNER, SEATTLE.
KEVIN BANKS. I'M THE GUY
WHOSE JOB YOU TOOK.
I WAS WAITING TO HEAR,
BUT I GUESS I JUST HEARD.
THANKS A LOT.
WELL, HE HATES ME.
(Alex laughs)
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
YOU'VE BEEN HERE,
LIKE, TWO MINUTES.
MY EXAMINER IS GONNA
HATE ME, TOO, INSTANTLY.
DON'T PSYCH YOURSELF OUT.
ONE IN FIVE PEOPLE
FAIL THE BOARDS.
FINE. PSYCH YOURSELF OUT.
IT'S JUST A TEST.
WE'VE ALL DEALT WITH WORSE.
NO ONE'S BLEEDING OUT
ON YOUR TABLE.
WE WILL BE FINE.
(man) ♪ SHE WONDERS IF ♪
CRISTINA.
(sighs)
WHAT?
ZOLA HAS THE STOMACH FLU.
(exhales) SO? KIDS GET SICK.
DEREK'S WITH HER.
ZOLA HAS THE STOMACH FLU.
(elevator bell dings)
OH, NO. NO, MER,
YOU CAN'T BE SICK.
MM.
YOU CANNOT BE SICK.
OKAY.
YOU'RE JUST FREAKING OUT.
J-JUST TAKE DEEP BREATHS,
OKAY?
(clears throat)
JUST TAKE DEEP BREATHS.
SO DO YOU GUYS WANNA
GO REGISTER
AND THEN GO GET SOME LUNCH?
(inhales sharply and retches)
OH.
(vomits)
WH--UH, WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
STOMACH FLU.
♪♪♪
ZOLA HAS THE STOMACH FLU
AND YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING?
HOW COULD YOU? ARE--ARE YOU
TRYING TO SABOTAGE US ALL?
IT'S NOT LIKE
IT'S THE BLACK PLAGUE.
YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE
ARE FRIEND.
OH, APRIL, CALM DOWN.
OH...
Y-YOU STAY RIGHT
WHERE YOU ARE, TYPHOID MARY.
COME ON.
LET'S GO REGISTER.
MER, JUST SIT.
AND I'LL GET
YOUR REGISTRATION PACKAGE.
(man) NEXT IN LINE.
(speaks indistinctly)
HEY, DR. ROBBINS,
IT'S ALEX.
UH, LISTEN, I WAS
THINKING ABOUT TOMMY.
UH, HAVE YOU TRIED
LIQUID VENTILATION?
IT'S JUST AN IDEA.
LET ME KNOW.
(beeps)
DUDE, IS THAT YOUR MOM?
(indistinct conversations)
BABY.
OH, NO.
I KNOW.
I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE
YOUR MOTHER BEFORE THE BOARDS.
BUT THEY ARE WEARING
THIS OLD GIRL OUT.
GOT ME EXAMINING
THREE SESSIONS TOMORROW,
AND I MIGHT NOT SEE YOU,
SO I HAD TO SAY GOOD LUCK.
OKAY.
MWAH.
THANK YOU, MOM.
OH, AND I BROUGHT IT.
MNH-MNH. NO, NO, THAT'S FINE.
YOU DON'T--
IT'S IN HERE SOMEWHERE.
THAT'S FINE. THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S WHAT YOU ALWAYS SAY,
BUT YOU ALWAYS WANT IT
IN THE END.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
MOM, I'M GOOD. I AM.
I'M IN ROOM 809
WHEN YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. EXCUSE ME.
MOMMY BRING YOU
YOUR BINKY?
IT'S MY LUCKY PENCIL.
SHE BROUGHT MY LUCKY PENCIL.
YOU KNOW THIS IS
AN ORAL TEST, RIGHT?
YES, I KNOW, OKAY?
IT'S JUST, I USED IT
FOR MY S.A.T.s,
AND MY M.C.A.T.s,
AND MY INTERN EXAM.
SO IT'S YOUR BINKY.
IT'S...
SORT OF LIKE MY BINKY,
YEAH.
(elevator bell dings)
OKAY.
FILL THIS OUT.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
THERE MUST BE, WHAT,
LIKE A HUNDRED PEOPLE
IN THIS ROOM?
OKAY, IF KEPNER IS RIGHT,
20 OF THEM ARE SCREWED.
I'M GONNA PUKE.
RELAX. YOU'RE NOT ONE OF THEM.
NO, ON YOU.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(phone rings)
(rings and buzzes)
(beeps)
SO... IT'S HIS BOWEL?
AGAIN?
WE WON'T KNOW HOW BAD IT IS
WITHOUT OPENING HIM UP.
OKAY.
(sighs)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
MORGAN, WE'VE ALREADY REMOVED
PART OF HIS BOWEL.
THERE'S A VERY GOOD CHANCE
HE WON'T MAKE IT
THROUGH ANOTHER SURGERY.
YOU'VE SAID THAT BEFORE.
A LOT.
WE'LL DO IT.
DO THE SURGERY.
(beeping continues)
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR YOU
TO PREP AN E.V.R.
ALL RIGHT. WELL, WHY DON'T
YOU OPEN HIM UP,
AND I'LL GET HIM PREPPED?
YOU'RE GONNA FILL HIM
FULL OF BLOOD THINNERS,
HIS ORGANS WILL BLEED OUT BEFORE
WE GET A CHANCE TO SAVE THEM.
HE NEEDS DAMAGE CONTROL.
OPENING HIS CHEST WILL CAUSE
MORE DAMAGE IN THE LONG RUN
THAN WE CAN CONTROL.
SHE'S RIGHT. THIS GIVES HIM
HIS BEST OPTIONS FOR RECOVERY.
THIS SOUNDS LIKE
A GOOD COMPROMISE.
DR. HUNT, SIR, NO ONE'S TOLD US
WHAT WE'RE
SUPPOSED TO BE PREPPING FOR?
LAPAROTOMY.
E.V.R.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
BOTH. NOW THAT'S A GOOD PLAN.
(slaps hands together)
(sighs)
BOTH.
PREP HIM HEAD TO TOE.
ALL RIGHT THEN.
OKAY, PAGE ME FOR THE TIB-FIB
FRACTURE WHEN YOU'RE DONE.
HEY, WHERE YOU GOING?
OH, YOU WANT TO BE IN THE O.R.
WITH THOSE TWO?
THEY HATE EACH OTHER.
OH, THEY'RE PROFESSIONALS.
THEY'LL BE FINE.
NO, IT'S AWFUL.
IT'S TENSE AND IT'S COLD
AND IT'S DANGEROUS.
IT FEELS LIKE
DEFUSING A BOMB
IN A HAUNTED HOUSE
THAT'S BUILT ON A MINEFIELD,
AND THERE ARE BEARS EVERYWHERE,
AND THE BEARS HAVE KNIVES.
UH, NOW I HAVE TO BE
IN HERE WITH 'EM
FOR THE NEXT EIGHT HOURS.
YOU HAVE TO TAME THEM
OR YOU WILL DIE.
WE WILL ALL DIE.
THEIR HATE WILL DESTROY
THE HOSPITAL,
AND THEN THE WHOLE PLANET.
I AM COUNTING ON YOU,
BAILEY.
WE'RE ALL COUNTING ON YOU.
GODSPEED.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(sighs)
(cable car bell dings)
OKAY, 56 YEAR OLD PRESENTS WITH
PANCREATIC DUCTAL OBSTRUCTION...
(cell phone beeps)
AND DILATED
MAIN PANCREATIC DUCT.
POST-OP PROCEDURE...
YES.
(beep)
DUDE, GIVE IT A REST.
IF WE DON'T KNOW IT BY NOW,
WE'RE SCREWED.
BESIDES, YOU'VE GOT
YOUR MAGICAL PENCIL
TO SEE YOU THROUGH.
HE'S GOT A MAGIC PENCIL?
OH, SAY MORE.
HIS MOMMY BROUGHT IT.
WAIT. HOW MAGICAL
IS THIS PENCIL?
AND CAN IT STOP THAT?
(crying) I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
THIS ALL JUST GOT
REALLY, REALLY REAL.
AND MAN DOWN.
TWO MEN DOWN.
FIRST GREY, NOW--
MEREDITH'S NOT DOWN.
SHE'S FINE.
WHOA. SHUT UP.
DR. ROBBINS.
Karev,
WHY DO YOU KEEP CALLING ME?
WELL, YOU DON'T ANSWER
MY TEXTS.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF YOU GOT
TOMMY'S X-RAYS BACK YET.
Yes. Okay?
YES, AND YOUR HUNCH
WAS CORRECT.
HIS NECROTIZING ENTEROCOLITIS
HAS RETURNED.
IS MORGAN, UH, ARE--
ARE YOU GONNA OPERATE?
Yeah.
IN A FEW HOURS.
WE'RE PREPPING HIM SOON.
LISTEN, I WILL TEXT YOU
WHEN I--
(beep)
WAIT. KAREV?
I GOTTA GO.
GO WHERE, TO EAT?
NO, I GOTTA GO
BACK TO SEATTLE.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(cries) WHAT?
(cell phone rings and buzzes)
(rings and buzzes)
(blows air)
(beeps)
HI.
YEAH, NO, JUST--
SORRY, I WAS NAPPING.
I'M JUST, UH, I-I FEEL
A LITTLE TIRED IS ALL.
(Zola crying)
HOW'S ZOLA?
(continues crying)
HER FEVER'S DOWN TO 100.
STOP WORRYING.
I can hear her
screaming, Derek.
NO, NO, SHE'S SCREAMING, "GO,
MAMA. KICK BUTT ON THE BOARDS."
(continues crying)
IS SHE REALLY FEELING BETTER?
Yeah, you hear that?
(Zola coughs)
SHE STOPPED CRYING.
And now she's smiling
THAT CUTE LITTLE SMILE
SHE DOES.
(cries)
OH, YEAH.
I LOVE THAT SMILE.
YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
FOR TOMORROW?
Tomorrow? Yeah.
I FEEL GREAT.
Listen, I made some calls.
THERE IS AN OPENING
AT MASS GENERAL,
AND WE COULD DO THIS.
And Zola could grow up
WITH A BOSTON ACCENT.
Whoa.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW IF I WANT
THE JOB AT THE BRIGHAM.
AND I HAVEN'T PASSED
MY TEST YET.
You will.
(keypad beeping)
OH, DON'T TOUCH THE BUTTONS.
Zola, I'm talking to
your m--
(dial tone drones)
(knock on door)
(sighs)
(beep)
(blows air)
(groans)
(gags)
(knock)
WH--
NICE.
I DON'T TAKE CHANCES.
(sighs)
MY KID JUST HUNG UP ON ME.
YEAH,
THAT'LL HAPPEN AGAIN.
W-WHERE DID YOU GET
AN I.V. AND FLUIDS?
I'M A DOCTOR IN A HOTEL
FULL OF DOCTORS.
ROLL UP YOUR SLEEVE.
YOU'RE A NICE PERSON.
AH, DON'T GET ALL MISTY.
I'M OUTTA HERE
IN 60 SECONDS.
THIS ROOM
IS LIKE A VIRAL CESSPOOL.
OW.
I TAKE THAT BACK.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
ALL RIGHT. FLUORO OUT.
OKAY.
WHERE WERE WE?
CLAMP, PLEASE.
I HOPE THAT WAS WORTH IT.
(suction gurgling)
HEY, JUST CHECKING IN.
ALMOST DONE?
ALMOST, BUT YOU SHOULD
ASK ALTMAN.
UH, SHE USUALLY
DISAGREES WITH ME.
I NEED TO CHECK
THE FINAL POSITION OF THE GRAFT
SO, YEAH, I DISAGREE
WITH HUNT.
OKAY THEN.
I DON'T WANT TO INTERRUPT
THE WORK THAT YOU'RE DOING HERE,
FIXING THE PROBLEMS
THAT WE ALL WANT FIXED,
THAT WE ALL NEED FIXED.
SO, UH, I'LL BE BACK.
UH, YOU COULD STAY.
THERE--THERE'S ROOM.
STAY!
(woman speaks indistinctly
over p.a.)
(indistinct conversations)
(crunches)
YOU MIND IF I JOIN YOU?
NO. UH, PLEASE.
I SENT MY IDIOT INTERN
TO GET ME LUNCH.
I TOLD HIM TO GET ME ANYTHING
BUT LENTIL SOUP.
YOU KNOW WHAT HE BROUGHT ME?
LENTIL SOUP.
THE FUTURE OF MEDICINE.
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'RE NOT ALL HOPELESS.
I KNOW.
I'M SPOILED WITH AVERY.
HE'S QUICK, HE'S THOROUGH,
HE'S FUNNY.
RIGHT, IN A VERY DRY
KIND OF WAY.
RIGHT?
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED
TO YOU TWO?
WHY'D YOU BREAK UP?
(smart phone chimes)
GREAT.
IT'S DUMBO,
THE FLYING IDIOT.
I LEFT HIM TREATING A BURN.
NOW HE'S PROBABLY
THE ONE ON FIRE.
(laughs)
TO BE CONTINUED.
O--
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
RETRACT MORE HERE.
I NEED BETTER VISUALIZATION.
(door hisses open)
HOW CAN I HELP?
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
LOOK, I CAN'T JUST STAY
IN THAT HOTEL ROOM
AND NOT DO ANYTHING.
THERE'S NOTHING
FOR YOU TO DO.
COME ON. I'M HERE.
I CAN SCRUB IN.
NO, THERE'S NOTHING
THAT I CAN DO, ALEX.
TAKE A LOOK YOURSELF.
(beeping continues)
ALMOST THE ENTIRE BOWEL
IS NECROTIC.
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE
TO BE DONE.
I'M CLOSING.
(The Naked and Famous)
♪ HERE IT COMES ♪
♪ THE UNAVOIDABLE SUN ♪
♪ WHERE'S MY HEAD? ♪
(indistinct conversations)
♪ AND WHAT THE HELL
HAVE I DONE? ♪
WE'RE FALLING APART.
MEREDITH'S SICK
AND ALEX...
WHAT THE HELL
WAS HE THINKING?
MNH-MNH.
SEE, YOU GOTTA PUT ALL THAT
OUT OF YOUR HEAD.
OKAY?
CONCENTRATE ON YOUR OWN GAME.
(inhales)
(exhales deeply)
I'M A SOLDIER.
WHAT?
(chuckles) NOTHING.
HEY, BUT WE'RE
STILL STANDING, RIGHT?
HELL, YEAH, WE ARE.
YEAH.
ME AND YOU.
(laughs)
WHO IS THAT?
OH, THAT'S THE GUY WHO THINKS
I STOLE HIS JOB.
HE HATES ME.
SO WHAT? HE'S A DOUCHE.
AH, AND HERE HE COMES.
(man)
NAH, DUDE, JUST DON'T.
JUST SIT DOWN--
NO, NO, I-I WANT TO APOLOGIZE.
I WAS A TOOL THIS AFTERNOON.
NO HARD FEELINGS?
SURE, YEAH.
NO PROBLEM.
NO PROBLEM AT ALL.
I'M SORRY.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO BE SORRY FOR.
I MEAN, BEST MAN WINS
AND ALL THAT STUFF, RIGHT?
OR WOMAN, WHATEVER.
YEAH, HE'S HAD A FEW BEERS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
AND HE GOT BAD NEWS TODAY,
SO WE'LL JUST--
ALL I'M SAYING IS, OBVIOUSLY,
SHE CAN OFFER SOMETHING
THAT I CAN'T OFFER.
ALL RIGHT. EVERYBODY'S
A LITTLE WOUND UP, ALL RIGHT?
SO BIG DAY TOMORROW,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD, UM,
GO SLEEP IT OFF.
ARE YOU THE BOYFRIEND?
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
WATCH OUT NEXT YEAR,
'CAUSE, UH, TED STEVENSON
LIKES HIMSELF A REDHEAD.
(laughs)
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, KEVIN.
I THINK YOU CAN LEAVE.
OR MAYBE
YOU FOUND THAT OUT ALREADY.
IS THAT HOW YOU GOT THE JOB?
♪♪♪
OH!
OHH!
WHOA.
BITCH!
HEY, LOOK, YOU NEED--
REALLY?
YOU WANT TO GO?
YEAH, BITCH!
I WANT TO GO!
AAH!
APRIL!
(April screaming)
(people speaking indistinctly)
STOP!
YEAH, YOU WANT MORE OF THIS?!
'CAUSE I GOT MORE!
SHUT YOUR BIG MOUTH,
ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH, IT GOES WITH
MY BIG BRAIN, DUMBASS!
WHAT?
THAT'S WHY I GOT YOUR JOB
NEXT YEAR!
APRIL!
UGH!
ENOUGH!
(grunts)
(people speaking indistinctly)
NOW IF ANYONE IS STILL HERE
IN 30 SECONDS,
YOU'RE BARRED FROM THE TEST.
NOW GET!
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
THAT WAS NOT OUR FAULT, OKAY?
THESE
CASE WESTERN RESERVE GUYS,
THEY STARTED THE WHOLE--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!
WHAT AM I DOING HERE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WE JUST CAME DOWN HERE
TO GET SOMETHING TO EAT--
NO, I THOUGHT YOU WERE HERE
TO PROVE
THAT THE CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT
OF MONEY SPENT
TRAINING YOU WASN'T WASTED,
THAT THE DREAMS YOU HAD
OF BECOMING SURGEONS
WON'T VANISH IN A PUFF
OF SMOKE TOMORROW
WHEN THE EXAMINER
ASKS YOU A QUESTION
AND YOU CAN'T ANSWER IT
BECAUSE INSTEAD OF GETTING
A GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP,
YOU WERE ENGAGING
IN A BARROOM BRAWL.
(glass shatters)
WE SHOULD PROBABLY GO.
WE SHOULD GO.
GOOD NIGHT, CHIEF.
OKAY, NIGHT, CHIEF.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(laughs) OH, MY GOD.
GOOD LORD.
SO YOU D--YOU DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING?
YOU JUST CLOSED HIM
BACK UP?
THERE WAS
TOO MUCH NECROSIS.
HE'S NOT GOING TO SURVIVE.
SO WE'LL KEEP
THE PRESSORS GOING,
KEEP HIM ON T.P.N.
UNTIL HE'S READY.
THERE'S GOT TO BE MORE
THAT WE CAN DO.
MORGAN...
WE DID IT.
YOU DID IT.
YOU DID IT ALL.
(crying)
OH.
(continues crying)
(people speaking indistinctly)
I'M SORRY.
I REALLY AM.
(whimpers)
(crying)
(continues crying)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
(Teddy) ALL RIGHT.
I AM ALMOST FINISHED HERE.
I THINK THIS BOY IS GONNA
HAVE TO LOSE HIS SPLEEN.
YOU SEE ANY WAY
OF SALVAGING IT?
MNH-MNH.
(monitor beeping erratically)
WHAT--B.P.'s CRASHING?
WHAT--WHAT HAPPENED?
THERE'S A LEAK.
THE GRAFT IS LEAKING.
FLUORO IN.
(sighs deeply)
I KNEW IT.
WHAT--WHAT DID YOU KNOW,
THAT GRAFTS LEAK?
IT'S COMMON. IT HAPPENS.
WELL, FIX IT
AND THEN GET OUT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THAT I AM TRYING TO DO?
ALL RIGHT, THE LEAK
IS BELOW THE DIAPHRAGM.
I CAN TRY
AND FIX THE GRAFT BY--
(Miranda) HERE.
THE ABDOMEN'S ALREADY OPEN.
WE CAN TRY
TO FIX IT MANUALLY.
FINE.
TRY IT.
FLUORO OUT.
(beeping continues)
(Miranda) UH, I'M HAVING TROUBLE
VISUALIZING WITH ALL THIS BLOOD.
HUNT, A LITTLE HELP, PLEASE.
NO, ALTMAN CAN ASSIST.
ALTMAN?
MY HEAD'S NOT IN THE GAME.
I SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
SO, UH, IF YOU'VE GOT THIS,
I WILL... LEAVE YOU TO IT.
(beeping continues)
(indistinct conversations)
(elevator bell dings)
CATHERINE?
RICHARD?
YOU'RE AN EXAMINER?
EITHER THAT OR I'M
STALKING YOU. (chuckles)
WELL, THAT'S A WIN-WIN
IF I EVER HEARD IT.
(laughs)
GIVE ME A HUG.
OH.
(laughs)
MM.
I-I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU'D BE HERE.
EVERY YEAR.
MAKING THE FUTURE OF MEDICINE
WET ITS PANTS.
(both laugh)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
ARCHIE KATZ--HE CAME DOWN
WITH THE STOMACH FLU,
AND THEY ASKED ME
TO SUB IN.
YOU KNOW, I FIGURED I'D
SPEND THE ENTIRE DAY
STARING AT SWEATY,
ANXIOUS RESIDENTS.
(laughs)
THIS IS A REAL IMPROVEMENT.
I SHOULD HOPE SO.
(both laugh)
COMING.
NO, DON'T OPEN THE DOOR.
I-I DON'T WANT TO BREATHE
YOUR AIR.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING.
OH, NO. I'M OKAY.
DID YOU SLEEP?
NO, IT'S WORSE
WHEN I LIE DOWN OR--WHOA.
UH, UM, WHEN I STAND UP,
APPARENTLY.
MM.
OHH.
DO YOU THINK ZOLA'S
GONNA HATE ME?
WHY?
BECAUSE MOMS SHOULD BE WITH
THEIR KIDS WHEN THEY'RE SICK.
ALL YOU WANT TO DO IS LAY ON TOP
OF YOUR MOM WHEN YOU'RE SICK.
MY MOTHER WAS NEVER AROUND
TO LAY ON TOP OF,
AND NOW I'M NOT THERE
FOR ZOLA TO LAY ON TOP OF.
I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF YOU THINK
SHE'S GONNA HATE ME.
(Au Revoir Simone's
"All or Nothing" playing)
OWEN SLEPT WITH SOMEONE.
YEAH.
DID YOU KNOW?
DOES EVERYONE KNOW?
NO.
HE THOUGHT YOU TOLD ME
SO HE TOLD ME.
ANYWAY, THAT'S HOW I KNOW.
♪♪♪
OKAY.
HE'S A PIG,
AND YOU DESERVE BETTER.
♪ KNOWING NOTHING
OF WHERE YOU'VE BEEN ♪
♪ OR WHERE YOU'RE GOING,
FEELS FARTHER ♪
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
YEAH, I'M STILL HERE.
(elevator bell dings)
(laughing) OH, MY GOD.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
YOU JUST PUNCHED A GUY.
I PUNCHED A GUY.
YOU WERE FREAKIN' CRAZY
IN THERE.
JACKSON,
WE ARE GONNA DO THIS.
I-I-I CAN FEEL IT.
I--THIS IS OUR LAST NIGHT
AS RESIDENTS.
LET'S HOPE.
NO, STOP THAT! YOU JUST
STOP DOUBTING YOURSELF.
WE FREAKIN' KICKED
THAT GUY'S ASS IN THERE.
WE ARE GONNA
KICK THIS TEST'S ASS.
HOW COME YOU'RE SO CONFIDENT
ALL OF A SUDDEN?
I'M A SOLDIER.
YEAH, I STILL DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS, BUT--
♪ IT'S ALL, ALL, ALL, ALL ♪
MM. APRIL.
SHOULD I
NOT HAVE DONE THAT?
I, UM...
I...
IF YOU WANT ME TO STOP,
JUST SAY SO,
AND I'LL STOP.
I JUST--YOU'RE...
THE WAY YOU'RE KISSING ME
RIGHT NOW, YOU JUST--
(whispers) YOU'RE A VIRGIN.
YOU'RE A VIRGIN.
YES, BECAUSE MY WHOLE LIFE
SINCE I WAS A KID,
I HAD THIS IDEA OF HOW
MY LIFE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE,
THESE RULES THAT I WAS
SUPPOSED TO FOLLOW,
BUT I'M NOT A KID.
I'M NOT THE SAME PERSON I WAS
WHEN I STARTED MY RESIDENCY.
I JUST PUNCHED A GUY.
(laughs)
AND IT FELT REALLY GOOD.
AND IF SOMETHING FEELS
REALLY, REALLY GOOD,
IT CAN'T BE BAD, RIGHT?
I, UH...
JACKSON, HEY.
IT'S OKAY.
REALLY.
♪ IT'S ALL ♪
I'M JUST SAYING,
IF JACKSON
DOESN'T PASS TOMORROW,
I'M HOLDING YOU
PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE.
WELL, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT JACKSON.
HE KEPT HIS HEAD DOWN.
HE'S IN GOOD SHAPE.
AND HOW ABOUT YOU?
HOW'S ADELE?
OKAY, I THINK.
I HAVEN'T SEEN HER
IN A WHILE.
IT CONFUSES HER
MORE THAN ANYTHING
WHEN I'M THERE.
HOW ARE YOU WITH THAT?
(clicks tongue)
IT... IT'S THE RIGHT THING.
ACTUALLY...
SHE'S HAPPIER.
(people speaking indistinctly)
AT OUR AGE, YOU WOULD THINK
WE WOULDN'T HAVE TO
GROW UP ANYMORE, HUH?
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
(door hisses)
HEY. HOW ARE WE
DOING IN HERE?
I AM NOT THE PROBLEM.
HE IS.
I MEAN, HE IS COMPLETELY
UNWILLING TO COLLABORATE.
HE SHOULD'VE BEEN IN HERE
FIXING THAT LEAK.
OH, BUT, NO.
HE IS JUST NOT WILLING
TO EVEN HEAR ME.
I MEAN, IT'S OBSTRUCTING
PATIENT CARE...
REALLY?
YOU HAD EIGHT HOURS.
(tsks) WHY IS THIS ON ME?
WELL, BECAUSE SHE'LL
LISTEN TO YOU.
AND BECAUSE I ORGANIZED
LADIES NIGHT. IT'S YOUR TURN.
...JUMP IN
AND SAVE THE DAY AGAIN.
I CAN'T WORK WITH HIM IF HE IS
GONNA FIGHT ME
ON EVERY SINGLE THING.
OKAY,
HE IS NOT FIGHTING YOU.
HE DISAGREED WITH YOU
ON A COURSE OF TREATMENT.
THAT IS SOMETHING
DOCTORS DO.
BUT YOU DON'T SEE HIM
AS A DOCTOR.
YOU ONLY SEE HIM
AS THE MAN YOU BLAME
FOR THE DEATH OF YOUR HUSBAND.
AND YOU KNOW AND I KNOW,
THAT WAS NOT HIS FAULT.
BUT HE'S ACCEPTED THAT BLAME
BECAUSE HE THINKS
IT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER.
HE'S NOT FIGHTING YOU.
BUT YOU KEEP FIGHTING HIM.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
HE LOST YOU.
HE LOST HIS FRIEND,
AND NOW HE'S PROBABLY
LOSING HIS WIFE.
HIS WORLD IS FALLING APART.
SO I HOPE BLAMING HIM
IS HELPING YOU,
'CAUSE IT
SURE ISN'T HELPING HIM.
(door hisses)
I'VE TURNED OFF
HIS PRESSORS
SO WE WON'T BE ABLE TO MANAGE
HIS BLOOD PRESSURE ANYMORE,
AND HIS T.P.N. AND HIS FLUIDS,
SO HE WON'T BE GETTING
ANY MORE NUTRITION.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
YOU OKAY?
(sniffles)
(beeping continues)
I'M GONNA TURN OFF
HIS VENTILATOR
AND REMOVE HIS E.T. TUBE.
(cries)
DO YOU NEED A MINUTE?
(beeping continues)
(switch clicks,
ventilator powers down)
(beeps)
(air hisses)
(labored breathing)
HIS BREATHING
WILL SLOW DOWN
AND HIS HEART
WILL EVENTUALLY STOP.
IT MAY TAKE MINUTES.
IT MAY TAKE HOURS.
(crying)
(sniffles)
(labored breathing
continues)
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
I'VE EVER REALLY BEEN ABLE
TO HOLD HIM...
(cries)
WITHOUT THE TUBES
AND JUNK.
IT'S NICE.
STAY.
PLEASE.
(labored breathing
continues)
THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
HEY.
AH, WE MEET AGAIN.
(chuckles) THANKS.
MM-HMM.
UH, BY THE WAY,
IT WASN'T ME, WAS IT?
WHAT?
THAT SPLIT YOU TWO UP--
THE FACT THAT AVERY AND I
ARE WORKING TOGETHER,
THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE TO
SEE ME ALL THE TIME?
I MEAN, I DON'T--I DON'T
MAKE YOU UNCOMFORTABLE, DO I?
NO. NO, NO, NO, NO.
I... NO, YOU DON'T.
GREAT,
BECAUSE THIS IS NICE.
TALKING TO YOU--
I MISS IT.
I MISS YOU.
I MISS YOU, TOO.
AND...
(people speaking indistinctly)
THE REASON THAT JACKSON
AND I BROKE UP, IT--
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT? WE DON'T
HAVE TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
IT'S REALLY--IT'S NONE OF
MY BUSINESS SO FORGET I ASKED.
WE CAN BE FRIENDS
WHO DON'T TALK ABOUT
THAT STUFF, EVER.
OKAY.
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
OH, BUT AS YOUR FRIEND,
IF YOU'RE NOT OVER HIM,
YOU SHOULD TELL HIM,
BECAUSE SERIOUSLY,
YOU GUYS ARE GREAT TOGETHER.
THANKS.
DON'T STAY TOO LATE.
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
AND I LOOK JUST TO THE LEFT
OF THEIR HEAD.
IT FREAKS 'EM OUT.
(laughs)
YOU ARE TERRIBLE.
OH, COME ON, NOW.
YOU GONNA TRY AND TELL ME
YOU'RE ALL WARM AND MATERNAL?
I AM SUPPORTIVE
AND I'M ENCOURAGING.
MM-HMM. I'VE WATCHED YOU
WITH YOUR STUDENTS.
I KNOW YOUR MOVES.
(laughs)
OH, DO YOU NOW?
I CERTAINLY DO.
I DON'T KNOW.
I MAY HAVE A MOVE OR TWO
THAT YOU HAVEN'T SEEN.
(Lakehouse's
"Of Monsters and Men" playing)
(clears throat)
WOULD YOU LIKE SOME--
SOME COFFEE?
NO.
MORE--MORE DESSERT?
♪ OH, I MISS THE COMFORT ♪
YEAH.
YOU TIRED?
♪ WHERE WE ARE ♪
NOT IN THE LEAST.
♪ WHERE WE ARE,
WHERE WE ARE ♪
WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO GET THE CHECK?
♪ THE FLOOR UNDER ♪
HONEY, COULD YOU
GET US THE CHECK, PLEASE?
♪ WHISPERS OUT ♪
YES, MA'AM.
♪ "COME ON IN, COME ON IN ♪
♪ WHERE IT ALL BEGINS" ♪
♪ CAN YOU CHASE ♪
♪ THE FIRE ♪
♪ AWAY? ♪
♪ CAN YOU CHASE ♪
♪ THE FIRE ♪
♪ AWAY? ♪
♪ A FOX THAT GAINS OUR TRUST ♪
♪ BUT THEN BREAKS IT
AS HE WALKS AWAY ♪
♪ FROM US ♪
♪ AWAY FROM US ♪
♪ CAN YOU CHASE ♪
♪ THE FIRE ♪
♪ AWAY? ♪
♪ CAN YOU CHASE ♪
♪ THE FIRE ♪
♪ AWAY? ♪
♪ IN THE FALL ♪
♪ WE SLEEP ♪
♪ ALL DAY ♪
♪ WHERE WE ARE,
WHERE WE ARE ♪
♪ WE SLEEP ♪
♪ WHERE WE ARE,
WHERE WE ARE ♪
♪ ALL DAY ♪
♪ WHERE WE ARE,
WHERE WE ARE ♪
♪ WE SLEEP ♪
♪ WHERE WE ARE,
WHERE WE ARE ♪
♪ ALL DAY ♪
(exhales)
OHH.
(pants)
(laughs)
OKAY.
THAT WAS REALLY GREAT.
THAT WAS REALLY--
(laughs) YEAH. YES. YES.
YES, THAT WAS...
(laughs)
(sighs)
YOU WERE GREAT. I MEAN--
I MEAN, ARE YOU, UH...
(laughs)
ARE YOU GLAD WE DID THAT?
(panting)
YEAH.
(laughs)
(sighs)
(chuckles)
SO YOU'RE OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
I'M JUST... TIRED.
(chuckles) YEAH.
YEAH.
YOU SHOULD GET SOME SLEEP.
(chuckles) YEAH,
I SHOULD GET SOME SLEEP.
(exhales deeply)
HERE OR--
YEAH.
OR...
OR YOU COULD GO.
DON'T YOU HAVE TO GET
YOUR PENCIL?
(chuckles)
IT'S THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
(both laugh)
RIGHT.
YEAH.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I COULD GO IF YOU WANT.
YEAH. YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL GO.
YOU CAN GET SOME SLEEP.
OKAY.
YOU SURE YOU'RE OKAY?
I'M GREAT.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
YOU CAN STAY WITH ME.
ALEX, JACKSON, AND APRIL
MOVED OUT. THERE'S ROOM.
I DON'T WANT TO COME
STAY WITH YOU.
IS HE MOVING OUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT YOU'RE NOT TOGETHER.
YOU BROKE UP.
NO, WE CAN'T JUST...
BREAK UP.
WE'RE MARRIED.
I KNOW.
I MEAN, I THINK DEREK USED
A PRETTY GOOD ATTORNEY
FOR HIS DIVORCE.
I DON'T WANT AN ATTORNEY.
OKAY.
WELL...
HE CHEATED ON YOU.
YEAH,
THIS ISN'T YOU AND DEREK.
HE DIDN'T
FALL IN LOVE WITH HER.
HE SCREWED SOMEONE...
ONE TIME...
WHEN HE WAS DRUNK.
I MEAN, DOES THAT MEAN
MY MARRIAGE IS OVER?
WHAT HE DID WAS WRONG.
AND IF IT WERE ME--
HEY, IF I SCREWED SOMEONE
ONCE WHEN I WAS DRUNK--
AND I COULD, I KNOW ME.
IF I DID IT...
I WOULDN'T WANT OWEN
TO LEAVE ME FOR THAT.
EVERYTHING ISN'T
SO PERFECTLY RIGHT
OR PERFECTLY WRONG.
OKAY.
SAY IT.
YOU GOT MARRIED
AWFULLY FAST.
(voice breaking)
BE ON MY SIDE.
I AM ON YOUR SIDE.
BUT IT, YOU KNOW, IT'S LIKE
YOU'RE DEFENDING HIM.
AND I DON'T KNOW
HOW WE'RE SUPPOSED TO FEEL.
WELL, HE'S MY HUSBAND.
TH-THIS IS A MARRIAGE.
OKAY.
(sighs)
(Washington)
♪ WHY DO I SEE STARS ♪
OH, I WANT TO LEAVE HIM.
♪ EVERYONE ELSE ♪
OKAY.
SO THAT MEANS I'M GONE.
SO YOU'RE GONNA TAKE
THE JOB AT STANFORD?
OR COLUMBIA.
♪ I'M SURE ♪
WELL, YOU'D BE
LEAVING ME, TOO.
WELL, YOU MIGHT GO
TO THE BRIGHAM.
PROBABLY NOT.
MAYBE.
♪ 80 MILES OUT ON THE SEA ♪
♪ AND I AM ♪
YEAH, I--
I'D LEAVE YOU, TOO.
♪ PARTS OF YOU AND ME ♪
♪ I'M BUILT ♪
THERE ARE PHONES, YOU KNOW?
OH, YOU HATE THE PHONE.
I KNOW I DO.
BUT...
I MEAN, I DON'T
HAVE TO LIKE IT.
♪ ...BESIDE ME WHEN ♪
♪ YOU ARE BESIDE ME ♪
PUT YOUR HAND
UNDER THE DOOR.
WHAT?
JUST DO IT.
♪ YOU ARE BESIDE ME ♪
♪ OH, SAILOR ♪
♪ TAKE THE WHEEL ♪
♪ DON'T MEASURE ♪
♪ HOW I FEEL ♪
♪ DANCE AROUND THE FIRE ♪
♪ DANCE AROUND THE FLAMES ♪
(labored breathing)
♪ WE SETTLE ON THE WIRE ♪
(labored breathing stops)
♪ YOU SETTLE ON MY NAME ♪
OH, GOD. OH.
HE STOPPED BREATHING.
NO. I'M NOT READY YET.
I DON'T--I DON'T--
JUST PLEASE--
I'M NOT READY YET.
(sobs)
(crying)
OH, GOD.
OH, MY SWEET TOMMY.
(continues crying)
MOMMY LOVES YOU SO MUCH.
(sobs) OH, MOMMY LOVES YOU
SO, SO MUCH.
♪ WE GO SLOW ♪
(continues crying)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(people speaking indistinctly)
HOW'S MORGAN DOING?
SHE JUST LOST HER BABY.
HOW DO YOU THINK SHE'S DOING?
OKAY, LOOK, KAREV--
OH, COME ON.
IT'S BEEN A LONG NIGHT.
WHATEVER
YOU WANT TO NAG ME ABOUT,
JUST--CAN'T IT WAIT?
NO, IT CAN'T.
I NEED YOU AS MY PEDS FELLOW
NEXT YEAR.
I NEED YOU
TO PASS YOUR BOARDS,
AND YOU CAN'T PASS YOUR BOARDS
UNLESS YOU TAKE THEM.
LOOK... (sighs) I NEED
TO STAY HERE WITH MORGAN--
MORGAN NEEDS TO GET BY
WITHOUT YOU RIGHT NOW.
YOU WERE HER BABY'S DOCTOR.
THAT'S ALL.
SHE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
I WILL MAKE SURE SHE IS.
THE TEST IS GONNA BE, LIKE,
IN--IN THREE HOURS.
I HAVE NEVER ONCE SEEN YOU
GIVE UP ON A PATIENT, KAREV.
DON'T GIVE UP ON THIS.
I'M NEVER GONNA GET THERE
IN TIME.
TRY.
(alarm beeping)
(beeps)
(blows air)
(sighs)
ARE YOU UP?
(Cristina) UH-HUH.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
WORSE.
(sighs) GET UP.
SERIOUSLY, CRISTINA,
I DON'T THINK I CAN.
OPEN THE DOOR.
JUST GO GET READY.
I'LL BE FINE.
OPEN THE DOOR, MER.
(whimpers)
OH.
(vomits)
EASY.
(coughs)
(moans)
OOH.
OKAY, NOW THAT'S
THE LAST TIME YOU THROW UP.
MIND OVER MATTER.
YOU CAN DO THIS.
OKAY?
FINE, MA. YOU WERE RIGHT.
(laughs) I ALWAYS FEEL--
OH.
SORRY. I THOUGHT
THIS MY MOM'S ROOM.
UH, UH, NO, NO PROBLEM.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE ROOM SERVICE.
NO PROBLEM AT ALL.
OKAY.
NO.
GOOD LUCK, BABY.
I...
DO YOU THINK
HE'S TRAUMATIZED?
FOR LIFE.
(laughs)
WELL, WE DID IT.
WE MADE IT THROUGH THE NIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHY, ZOLA? 'CAUSE WE'RE
SURVIVORS, ME AND YOU.
AND YOUR MOM'S
GONNA PASS THE BOARDS,
AND HOPEFULLY,
YOU DON'T THROW UP ON ME
IN THE NEXT 15 MINUTES,
RIGHT?
(The Naked and Famous'
"Young Blood" playing)
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL NIGHT?
AT THE HOSPITAL. I WAS
FINISHING YOUR NEURO RESEARCH.
WHY IS SHE
IN A BUMBLEBEE COSTUME?
OH, SHE'S THROW UP
ON ALL OF HER OTHER CLOTHES.
♪ WE REQUIRE CERTAIN SKILLS ♪
(sighs)
MARK SAID THAT, UH...
THAT HE MISSES ME.
BUT I MISS HIM, YOU KNOW?
I, UH...
(voice breaking) I REALLY...
I REALLY MISS HIM.
YOU KNOW, AND HE--
HE THINKS
THAT I STILL LOVE JACKSON,
BUT I TRY TO TELL HIM
THAT I DON'T,
I TRY TO TELL HIM
THAT I STILL LOVE HIM...
BUT--BUT I-I OPEN MY MOUTH...
(crying)
AND NOTHING COMES OUT.
AND EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
(sighs and sniffles)
(sighs)
♪ YOU KEEP MY SECRETS
HOPE TO DIE ♪
(people speaking indistinctly)
WHAT?
CRISTINA TEXTED,
AND SHE'S ABOUT TO GO IN.
SHE'S FEELING GOOD.
AND... AND SHE'S READY.
♪ TRYING TO FIND ♪
I JU--I JUST THOUGHT
YOU'D WANT TO KNOW.
♪ THE IN-BETWEENS ♪
♪ FALL BACK IN LOVE ♪
KINDERGARTEN, HIGH SCHOOL...
COLLEGE, MED SCHOOL...
RESIDENCY...
IT ALL LEADS
TO THIS MOMENT.
GOOD LUCK.
(woman) DIANA ACARDO.
(woman) HERE.
APRIL?
COME ON.
YOU'RE NOT EVEN
GONNA LOOK AT ME OR--
NO.
NO, IT'S NOT YOU, JACKSON.
IT'S...
IT'S JESUS.
I WAS A VIRGIN
BECAUSE I LOVE JESUS.
AND NOW JESUS HATES ME.
SOME PEOPLE CAN CRACK
UNDER THE PRESSURE.
(door opens)
(man) APRIL KEPNER.
HI.
♪ PAIR OF FORGIVERS ♪
OTHERS THRIVE.
♪ BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE ♪
JACKSON AVERY.
HERE.
♪ WHISPER ♪
(cracks)
OH, SORRY.
♪ WHISPER ♪
EITHER WAY...
(man) MATTHEW ANDERSON.
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT TO DO.
NO MORE STUDYING,
NO MORE PREPARING...
NICE TO MEET YOU.
CRISTINA...
MIND OVER MATTER.
(door opens)
CRISTINA YANG.
♪ FALL BACK
IN LOVE EVENTUALLY ♪
PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
LIKE IT OR NOT,
THE MOMENT HAS ARRIVED.
MEREDITH GREY.
THE ONLY THING LEFT
FOR YOU TO DO
IS SHOW UP.
ALEX KAREV.
♪ FALL BACK
IN LOVE EVENTUALLY ♪
♪ E-YEAH, E-YEAH, E-YEAH ♪